It was obviously a trap designed by the night
Waiting for us to jump
Why promise him?
Honey, what a great opportunity this is!
Can help resolve the crisis in the Ye family
It can also improve your place in the Ye family, right?
Oh, dear.
You don't know that viper's martial arts are outstanding
Be careful when you go tomorrow.
Don't do it!
Hmm wife
Just two words, don't worry.
Call me here
What's the matter?
beast
Didn't you always want my sister's night court?
Here comes the opportunity.
What do you mean?
Ye Wanting and Shen Yan just issued a military order
To recover the arrears for the Ye family
If you can't finish
He will lose face in the Ye family
Never turn over
At that time
I have to come to you obediently
Whose debt are they waiting for?
You guess
Help from the Vipers
Viper